If I were to do a project like this again my advice to myself would be to try to make something with a lower skill floor and a high skill ceiling. To make something simple that is easy to expand on. I wasint able to get my game finsihed in time a thus my needs to have list was not complete but it was only because of time constrainsts and not because I dont think I can do it. The probleme is that there were a lot of moving parts that built on each other so to get all of my needs to have liat finished every other part had to work correctly. Wich is why I should have picked a project that would be easier to complete but that could be easily expande upon. The hardest part of the project was definitively the path finding of the ghost. By the end I do have one ghost correctly pathfinding to the player, but if I try to make him pathfind again the game crashes. That was were I last got stuck but I'm confindent I would have been able to fixe it with more time, and then apply the path finding to 4 more ghost but with different destinations. Because he pathfinding of the ghosts was such a important part of the project I didnt get the time to add litle things like sound effects, music, animations and a score and high score systeme even thought they would have been easy to implement. But I wanted to get all the  ain aspects of the game done before I did all the litle details and in teh end I ran out of time, wich is my fault for not working more at home when I saw the dead lines comming closer. One thing I wouls also recommend for myself in the futur would be to ask for help more often. Because during this project I realy enjoyed solving problems on my own, but sometimes I would get stuck on one probleme for several days or even a week and even if did eventually find a solution, I think it would have been better to ask for someones help for a potential different solution. Because when I tried to get the ghost to walk along the path at fist he would be miss aligned with the path because I was calculating wich square the ghost was in for his position and I spent several hours trying to fix the alignment issue, and eventulaly when my brother beta tested the game for me he told me I should only change the square that I use to calculate the ghosts positions when the ghost passes the center of that square and I was able to apply that solution in 20 minutes thanks to his advice.
